fix(docs): normalize table headings (#5227)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/interactions/Application_Commands.md

| name_localizations?        | ?dictionary with keys in [available locales](#DOCS_REFERENCE/locales)                                                                          | Localization dictionary for `name` field. Values follow the same restrictions as `name`                                                                            |
| description                | string                                                                                                                                         | Description for `CHAT_INPUT` commands, 1-100 characters. Empty string for `USER` and `MESSAGE` commands                                                            |
| description_localizations? | ?dictionary with keys in [available locales](#DOCS_REFERENCE/locales)                                                                          | Localization dictionary for `description` field. Values follow the same restrictions as `description`                                                              |

> | options?                   | array of [application command option](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/application-command-object-application-command-option-structure) | Parameters for the command, max of 25. **Should only be used for `CHAT_INPUT`**                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| options?                   | array of [application command option](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/application-command-object-application-command-option-structure) | Parameters for the command, max of 25; can only be used with `CHAT_INPUT` commands                                                                                 |
```

###### Application Command Option Type

| Name              | Value | Description                                                                                                               |
| ----------------- | ----- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | SUB_COMMAND       | 1     | A subcommand type, when a command has one of this or `SUB_COMMAND_GROUP`, then the command itself cannot be used directly |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SUB_COMMAND*       | 1     | A subcommand option, can be contained within a subcommand group |
```

> | SUB_COMMAND_GROUP | 2     | A subcommand group, contains subcommands                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SUB_COMMAND_GROUP* | 2     | A subcommand group, contains subcommands                                                                                  |
```

> | STRING            | 3     | A string input                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| STRING            | 3     | Any unicode character                                                                                                            |
```

I might be wrong here though

| INTEGER           | 4     | Any integer between -2^53 and 2^53                                                                                        |

> | BOOLEAN           | 5     | A boolean input                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BOOLEAN           | 5     | A boolean input of true or false                                                                                                          |
```

If there's no extra info I don't think we should just say what's already displayed by the name

> | USER              | 6     | A user input                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| USER              | 6     | An input of any user on Discord: shown in the client as a mention but an ID can be pasted                                                                                                             |
```

| CHANNEL           | 7     | Includes all channel types + categories                                                                                   |

> | ROLE              | 8     | A role input                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ROLE              | 8     | A role in the server the command is invoked from                                                                                                            |
```
Is this exclusive to guilds? If so, we should put a note

> The following constants can be used in the `id` field for command permissions payloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following constants that resolve to snowflakes can be used in the `id` field for command permissions payloads.
```

| Name         | Value                      | Description             |
| ------------ | -------------------------- | ----------------------- |

> | `@everyone`  | snowflake (`guild_id`)     | All members in a guild  |
> | All Channels | snowflake (`guild_id - 1`) | All channels in a guild |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `@everyone`  | `guild_id`     | All members in a guild  |
| All Channels | `guild_id - 1` | All channels in a guild |
```
